The list is empty. Update canceled.
Unable to delete a row without a valid ID.
Unable to update, ID not specified.
Insertion error: The BDD did not return ID after an insert.
Deleted information.
Updated information.
teams
Add a team
Manage your teams
Add player
Tournament
Create
Edit
Remove
lister
In progress
Finished
More details
Top 10
options
Organization
Administration
Add users
Show list
Players
Teams
Promoting a user
The news
Add
Active Directory
Web Service
welcome
Incorrect identifiers
Create an account
username
Password
First name
Name
E-mail
Pseudonym
fr
en
Your first name can not be more than 50 characters
Your name can not be longer than 50 characters
Your email can not be longer than 255 characters
Your password can not be longer than 255 characters
The choice of language can only be
or
Your Name:
Description:
Add
Add a team
Submit
Passwords are different
The password can not be the same as the pseudonym
User added to the DB
Language
Confirmation
Administrator
Organizer
User
Select the type of user
Enter required information
Form admin: Add user
Information inserted in BDD
Message
title
Save
Error deleting data in BDD
Choose a news to remove
Author
Form administration: suppressing news
Update
Choose a news item to edit
Form Admin: Editing news
Promote
Actually ?
More people with rights?
Are you unconscious?
Fault detected, click to correct
Form admin: Promote a user
Form admin: List teams
Form admin: List players
Select tournament
Winner
Create an organization
Create a tournament
Start date
End date
Maximum number of players
All round championship
Direct Elimination
Group stage
name of the organization
Email of the manager
Creation date
Manage the organization
Passwords are different
User Options
Choose a team
The players of the team
Players available
Managing Team Players
Your teams
Team management
In the Fields of Justice, victory depends on several factors. In the beginner's guide, you will learn how to control your champion, know the buildings scattered on the battlefield and you will also see the tutorial. Once ready, you can join the fight in your first competitive part of League of Legends.
Battlerite is an action-packed team Arena Brawler focused on competitive PvP combat. Fight side by side with teammates to the sound of the roaring crowd in vibrating, colosseum-style surroundings. Welcome to a world where champions dedicate their lives to the arena.
A band of hero survivors with extraordinary powers struggle for the protection of the last star of the universe, threatened by a mysterious evil. To fight you can count on characters and weapons of an unimaginable variety: men-bird cyborgs, samurai vampires, mountains of muscles equipped with sulphate.
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS: GO) expands on the team-based action gameplay that the franchise pioneered when it was launched 12 years ago. Content (de_dust, etc.). In addition, CS: GO introduces new gameplay modes, matchmaking, leader boards, and more.
Dota 2 is played in independent games between two teams of five players, each with a cardinal base containing a building called the "Ancient", whose destruction leads to the victory of the enemy team. Each player controls a "hero" and is required to accumulate experience, earn gold, equip objects and fight the enemy team to achieve victory.
In Overwatch, you control a hero in competitive games between teams of 6 people. Deliver battle to control goals, eliminate the enemy team and savor your victory.
The apocalypse is coming to an end, and only the Heavy Metal Machines remain. Welcome to a world of motorized madness, where only the strongest will emerge unscathed from the constant chaos and destruction. You will have to decimate your enemies to get you out.
Paladins is a team shooter combining strategy elements with a unique character personalization system via collectible cards. These cards enhance and enhance the skills of a champion in many ways.
Get out your deck and get ready for Hearthstone. The rules of this card game and strategy are simple, but you can expect epic and intense challenges! Play for free, use your cards to cast spells, summon creatures and give orders to Warcraft heroes in legendary and strategic duels
ORION Dino Horde is a shooting game available for download on PC. This is an enhanced version of the basic game, ORION: Dino Beatdown offering 5 additional game modes, new weapons and additional improvements.
Type
Max players
Game
Choose a tournament to delete
Choose a completed tournament to observe
See the result
Choose an ongoing tournament to observe
City
Country code
Country
Region
Latitude
Longitude
Time Zone
Postal code